# Description

A word snake is (unsurprisingly) a snake made up of a
sequence of words.

For instance, take this sequence of words:

[code]

    SHENANIGANS SALTY YOUNGSTER ROUND DOUBLET TERABYTE ESSENCE
    
[/code]

Notice that the last letter in each word is the same as
the first letter in the next word. In order to make
this into a word snake, you simply snake it across the
screen

[code]

    SHENANIGANS        
              A        
              L        
              T        
              YOUNGSTER
                      O
                      U
                      N
                TELBUOD
                E      
                R      
                A      
                B      
                Y      
                T      
                ESSENCE
    
[/code]

Your task today is to take an input word sequence and
turn it into a word snake. Here are the rules for the
snake:

  * It has to start in the top left corner
  * Each word has to turn 90 degrees left or right to the previous word
  * The snake can't intersect itself 

Other than that, you're free to decide how the snake
should "snake around". If you want to make it easy for
yourself and simply have it alternate between going
right and going down, that's perfectly fine. If you
want to make more elaborate shapes, that's fine too.

# Formal inputs & outputs

## Input

The input will be a single line of words (written in
ALL CAPS). The last letter of each word will be the
first letter in the next.

## Output

Your word snake! Make it look however you like, as long
as it follows the rules.

# Sample inputs & outputs

There are of course many possible outputs for each
inputs, these just show a sample that follows the rules

## Input 1

[code]

    SHENANIGANS SALTY YOUNGSTER ROUND DOUBLET TERABYTE ESSENCE
    
[/code]

## Output 1

[code]

    SHENANIGANS       DOUBLET
              A       N     E
              L       U     R
              T       O     A
              YOUNGSTER     B
                            Y
                            T
                            ESSENCE
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    DELOREAN NEUTER RAMSHACKLE EAR RUMP PALINDROME EXEMPLARY YARD
    
[/code]

## Output 2

[code]

    D                                       
    E                                       
    L                                       
    O                                       
    R                                       
    E            DRAY                       
    A               R                           
    NEUTER          A                           
         A          L                           
         M          P                           
         S          M                           
         H          E       
         A          X
         C PALINDROME
         K M
         L U
         EAR
    
[/code]

# Challenge inputs

## Input 1

[code]

    CAN NINCOMPOOP PANTS SCRIMSHAW WASTELAND DIRK KOMBAT TEMP PLUNGE ESTER REGRET TOMBOY
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    NICKEL LEDERHOSEN NARCOTRAFFICANTE EAT TO OATS SOUP PAST TELEMARKETER RUST THINGAMAJIG GROSS SALTPETER REISSUE ELEPHANTITIS
    
[/code]

# Notes

If you have an idea for a problem, head on over to
[/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas](/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas)
and let us know about it!

By the way, I've set the sorting on this post to
default to "new", so that late-comers have a chance of
getting their solutions seen. If you wish to see the
top comments, you can switch it back just beneath this
text. If you see a newcomer who wants feedback, feel
free to provide it!

