https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/341c03/20150427_challenge_212_easy_rövarspråket/
# Description

When we Swedes are young, we are taught a SUPER-SECRET
language that only kids know, so we can hide secrets
from our confused parents. This language is known as
"Rövarspråket" (which means "Robber's language", more
or less), and is surprisingly easy to become fluent in,
at least when you're a kid. Recently, the cheeky
residents of [/r/Sweden](/r/Sweden) decided to play a
trick on the rest on reddit, and get a thread entirely
in Rövarspråket to [/r/all](/r/all). [The results were
hilarious](http://np.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/301sqr/dodetot_%C3%A4ror_fof%C3%B6ror_lolitote/).

Rövarspråket is not very complicated: you take an
ordinary word and replace the consonants with the
consonant doubled and with an "o" in between. So the
consonant "b" is replaced by "bob", "r" is replaced
with "ror", "s" is replaced with "sos", and so on.
Vowels are left intact. It's made for Swedish, but it
works just as well in English.

Your task today is to write a program that can encode a
string of text into Rövarspråket.

(note: this is a higly guarded Swedish state secret, so
I trust that none of you will share this very
privileged information with anyone! If you do, you will
be extradited to Sweden and be forced to eat
[surströmming](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surstr%C3%B6mming)
as penance.)

(note 2: surströmming is actually not that bad, it's
much tastier than its reputation would suggest! I'd go
so far as to say that it's the tastiest half-rotten
fish in the world!)

# Formal inputs & outputs

## Input

You will recieve one line of input, which is a text
string that should be encoded into Rövarspråket.

## Output

The output will be the encoded string.

A few notes: your program should be able to handle case
properly, which means that "Hello" should be encoded to
"Hohelollolo", and _not_ as  "HoHelollolo" (note the
second capital "H").

Also, since Rövarspråket is a Swedish invention, your
program should follow Swedish rules regarding what is a
vowel and what is a consonant. The Swedish alphabet is
the same as the English alphabet except that there are
three extra characters at the end (Å, Ä and Ö) which
are all vowels. In addition, Y is always a vowel in
Swedish, so the full list of vowels in Swedish is A, E,
I, O, U, Y, Å, Ä and Ö. The rest are consonants.

Lastly, any character that is not a vowel or a
consonant (i.e. things like punctuation) should be left
intact in the output.

# Example inputs

## Input 1

[code]

    Jag talar Rövarspråket!
    
[/code]

## Output 1

[code]

    Jojagog totalolaror Rorövovarorsospoproråkoketot!
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    I'm speaking Robber's language!
    
[/code]

## Output 2

[code]

    I'mom sospopeakokinongog Rorobobboberor'sos lolanongoguagoge!
    
[/code]

# Challenge inputs

## Input 1

[code]

    Tre Kronor är världens bästa ishockeylag.
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    Vår kung är coolare än er kung. 
    
[/code]

# Bonus

Make your program able to decode a Rövarspråket-encoded
sentence as well as encode it.

# Notes

This excellent problem (which filled my crusty old
Swedish heart with glee) was suggested by
[/u/pogotc](/u/pogotc). Thanks so much for the
suggestion!

If you have an idea for a problem, head on over to
[/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas](/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas)
and post your suggestion! If it's good idea, we might
use it, and you'll be as cool as
[/u/pogotc](/u/pogotc).

