#  _(Intermediate)_ : Metro Tile Meltdown

In the continued name of backward-compatibility,
Microsoft has released a version of their flagship
operating system for VGA text-mode terminals. In this
version of their operating system, rectangular tiles
consisting of a single character are displayed on the
screen, like so:

[code]

    ..........................................................................
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    ................................bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    ...................cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.............................jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee...............................................................
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    ..........................................................................
    
[/code]

Screen space with no tile is denoted by a period (`.`).
Tiles can be made of any character other than periods
(due to the reason given) and spaces.

However, the dev team forgot to add support for screen-
readers! Now visually impaired users cannot determine
the location of the tiles on their display. Your task
is, given a tile display such as the one above, write a
program to find the location and size of each
rectangular tile on the screen, along with the
character in it, and output it in a way that can be
read by a screen reader. For example, one such tile in
the above example is located at position `(1, 1)` on
the screen (from the top-left), consists of the
character `a` and is 30 characters wide and 8
characters tall.

## Tiles

A tile will always be perfectly rectangular:

[code]

    aaaaaaaaaa
    aaaaaaaaaa
    aaaaaaaaaa
    
[/code]

There will never be a non-rectangular tile on the
screen, or one that is not completely filled in. These
are not single tiles:

[code]

    ..................................
    .bbbbbbbbbb.........ccccccccccccc.
    .bbbbbbbbb..........c...........c.
    .bbbbbbbb...........c...........c.
    .bbbbbbb............ccccccccccccc.
    ..................................
    
[/code]

A tile is something completely bordered by empty space
(`.`), so this is two separate tiles:

[code]

    .....................................
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
    .....................................
    
[/code]

Lastly, if a tile is made of two regions of separate
colours, then the input as invalid:

[code]

    .....................................
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb.
    .....................................
    
[/code]

The above 'tile' is two separate tiles: one made of
`a`, one made of `b`.

Handling of invalid input is undefined and thus mostly
up to you; your program can try and make sense of the
input if you want, but for the purpose of the
challenge, assume all tiles will be rectangular,
separated by empty space (`.`) and consisting of a
single character.

# Input and Output Description

## Sample Input

You will first be given two numbers, like so:

[code]

    74 30
    
[/code]

These denote the width and height of the tile display
in characters. You will then be given the tile display
of that size via standard input, for example:

[code]

    ..........................................................................
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    ...........................................bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ddddddddddddddddddddd.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.......................
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ccccccccccccccccccccc.
    .jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ccccccccccccccccccccc.
    ...........................eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ccccccccccccccccccccc.
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.bbbbbbbb.ccccccccccccccccccccc.
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee................................
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.kkkkkkkkkkkkkk.eeeeeeeeeeeeeee.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii................................fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    .iiiiiiiiii.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.fffffffffffffff.gggggggggggggg.
    ..........................................................................
    
[/code]

## Sample Output

You are to print the location (with `(0, 0)` being the
top-left), width, height and filled character of each
tile on the screen, like this:

[code]

    41×6 tile of character 'a' located at (1,1)
    8×16 tile of character 'b' located at (43,1)
    21×4 tile of character 'c' located at (52,13)
    21×11 tile of character 'd' located at (52,1)
    15×14 tile of character 'e' located at (27,8)
    15×11 tile of character 'f' located at (43,18)
    14×11 tile of character 'g' located at (59,18)
    30×6 tile of character 'h' located at (12,23)
    10×13 tile of character 'i' located at (1,16)
    25×7 tile of character 'j' located at (1,8)
    14×6 tile of character 'k' located at (12,16)
    
[/code]

# Sample Inputs and Outputs

## Input

[code]

    4 4
    xx.z
    xx..
    ..yy
    z.yy
    
[/code]

## Output

[code]

    2×2 tile of character 'x' located at (0,0)
    1×1 tile of character 'z' located at (0,3)
    2×2 tile of character 'y' located at (2,2)
    1×1 tile of character 'z' located at (3,0)
    
[/code]

## Input

[code]

    10 10
    ..........
    .@@@@@.ss.
    .@@@@@.ss.
    .......ss.
    .\\\\\.ss.
    .\\\\\....
    .\\\\\.\\.
    .......\\.
    ./////.\\.
    ..........
    
[/code]

## Output

[code]

    5×2 tile of character '@' located at (1,1)
    5×3 tile of character '\' located at (1,4)
    5×1 tile of character '/' located at (1,8)
    2×4 tile of character 's' located at (7,1)
    2×3 tile of character '\' located at (7,6)
    
[/code]

## Input

[code]

    74 30
    ..........................................................................
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    ................................bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .ddddddddddddddddd.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    ...................cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.bbbbbbbbbb.kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.............................jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee.ffffff.cccccccccccc.hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.jjjjjjjjjjjjj.
    .eeeeeeeeee...............................................................
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    .eeeeeeeeee.gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
    ..........................................................................
    
[/code]

## Output

[code]

    30×8 tile of character 'a' located at (1,1)
    17×3 tile of character 'd' located at (1,10)
    10×15 tile of character 'e' located at (1,14)
    6×7 tile of character 'f' located at (12,14)
    38×7 tile of character 'g' located at (12,22)
    12×11 tile of character 'c' located at (19,10)
    10×16 tile of character 'b' located at (32,1)
    27×3 tile of character 'h' located at (32,18)
    16×16 tile of character 'k' located at (43,1)
    22×7 tile of character 'i' located at (51,22)
    13×20 tile of character 'j' located at (60,1)
    
[/code]

# Finally...

Got a good idea for a challenge? Head on over to
[/r/DailyProgrammer_Ideas](/r/DailyProgrammer_Ideas),
write it out, and we might post it on this subreddit!

We're currently recruiting some moderators to join our
team. If you're interested, read the sticky by clicking
[here](http://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/2uji4v/psa_were_hiring/).

