https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/3ysdm2/20151230_challenge_247_intermediate_moving/
#  _(Intermediate)_ : Moving (diagonally) Up in Life

Imagine you live on a grid of characters, like the one
below. For this example, we'll use a 2*2 grid for
simplicity.

[code]

    . X
    
    X .
    
[/code]

You start at the `X` at the bottom-left, and you want
to get to the `X` at the top-right. However, you can
only move up, to the right, and diagonally right and up
in one go. This means there are three possible paths to
get from one `X` to the other `X` (with the path
represented by `-`, `+` and `|`):

[code]

    +-X  . X  . X
    |     /     |
    X .  X .  X-+
    
[/code]

What if you're on a 3*3 grid, such as this one?

[code]

    . . X
    
    . . .
    
    X . .
    
[/code]

Let's enumerate all the possible paths:

[code]

    +---X   . +-X   . +-X   . +-X   . . X   . +-X   . . X
    |        /        |       |        /      |         |
    | . .   + . .   +-+ .   . + .   . / .   . | .   +---+
    |       |       |        /       /        |     |    
    X . .   X . .   X . .   X . .   X . .   X-+ .   X . .
    
    
    
    . . X   . . X   . . X   . . X   . . X    . . X
       /        |       |       |       |       /   
    . + .   . +-+   . . +   . . |   . +-+    +-+ .
      |       |        /        |    /       |
    X-+ .   X-+ .   X-+ .   X---+   X . .    X . .
    
[/code]

That makes a total of 13 paths through a 3*3 grid.

However, what if you wanted to pass through 3 `X`s on
the grid? Something like this?

[code]

    . . X
    
    . X .
    
    X . .
    
[/code]

Because we can only move up and right, if we're going
to pass through the middle `X` then there is no
possible way to reach the top-left and bottom-right
space on the grid:

[code]

      . X
    
    . X .
    
    X .  
    
[/code]

Hence, this situation is like two 2*2 grids joined
together end-to-end. This means there are 32=9 possible
paths through the grid, as there are 3 ways to traverse
the 2*2 grid. (Try it yourself!)

Finally, some situations are impossible. Here, you
cannot reach all 4 `X`s on the grid - either the top-
left or bottom-right `X` must be missed:

[code]

    X . X
    
    . . .
    
    X . X
    
[/code]

This is because we cannot go left or down, only up or
right - so this situation is an invalid one.

Your challenge today is, given a grid with a certain
number of Xs on it, determine first whether the
situation is valid (ie. all `X`s can be reached), and
if it's valid, the number of possible paths traversing
all the `X`s.

# Formal Inputs and Outputs

## Input Specification

You'll be given a tuple **M, N** on one line, followed
by **N** further lines (of length **M** ) containing a
grid of spaces and `X`s, like this:

[code]

    5, 4
    ....X
    ..X..
    .....
    X....
    
[/code]

Note that the top-right `X` need not be at the very
top-right of the grid, same for the bottom-left `X`.
Also, unlike the example grids shown above, there are
no spaces between the cells.

## Output Description

Output the number of valid path combinations in the
input, or an error message if the input is invalid. For
the above input, the output is:

[code]

    65
    
[/code]

# Sample Inputs and Outputs

## Example 1

### Input

[code]

    3, 3
    ..X
    .X.
    X..
    
[/code]

### Output

[code]

    9
    
[/code]

## Example 2

### Input

[code]

    10, 10
    .........X
    ..........
    ....X.....
    ..........
    ..........
    ....X.....
    ..........
    .X........
    ..........
    X.........
    
[/code]

### Output

[code]

    7625
    
[/code]

## Â£xample 3

### Input

[code]

    5, 5
    ....X
    .X...
    .....
    ...X.
    X....
    
[/code]

### Output

**< invalid input>**

## Example 4

### Input

[code]

    7, 7
    ...X..X
    .......
    .......
    .X.X...
    .......
    .......
    XX.....
    
[/code]

### Output

[code]

    1
    
[/code]

## Example 5

### Input

[code]

    29, 19
    .............................
    ........................X....
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .........X...................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .....X.......................
    ....X........................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    XX...........................
    .............................
    .............................
    
[/code]

### Output

[code]

    19475329563
    
[/code]

## Example 6

### Input

[code]

    29, 19
    .............................
    ........................X....
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .........X...................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    ....XX.......................
    ....X........................
    .............................
    .............................
    .............................
    XX...........................
    .............................
    .............................
    
[/code]

### Output

[code]

    6491776521
    
[/code]

# Finally

Got any cool challenge ideas? Submit them to
[/r/DailyProgrammer_Ideas](/r/DailyProgrammer_Ideas)!

