https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/3gpjn3/20150812_challenge_227_intermediate_contiguous/
# Description:

If something is contiguous, it means it is connected or
unbroken. For a chain, this would mean that all parts
of the chain are reachable without leaving the chain.
So, in this little piece of ASCII-art:

[code]

    xxxxxxxx  
    x      x
    
[/code]

there is only 1 contiguous chain, while in this

[code]

    xxxx xxxx 
    
    x
    
[/code]

there are 3 contiguous chains. Note that a single x,
unconnected to any other, counts as one chain.

For the purposes of this problems, chains can only be
contiguous if they connect horizontally of vertically,
not diagonally. So this image

[code]

    xx
      xx
        xx    
    
[/code]

contains three chains.

Your challenge today is to write a program that
calculates the number of contiguous chains in a given
input.

# Formal inputs & outputs

## Input:

The first line in the input will consist of two numbers
separated by a space, giving the dimensions of the
ASCII-field you're supposed to read. The first number
gives the number of lines to read, the second the
number of columns (all lines have the same number of
columns).

After that follows the field itself, consisting of only
x's and spaces.

## Output:

Output a single number giving the number of contiguous
chains.

# Sample inputs & outputs

## Input 1

[code]

    2 8
    xxxxxxxx
    x      x
    
[/code]

## Output 1

[code]

    1
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    3 9
    xxxx xxxx
        x    
       xx    
    
[/code]

## Output 2

[code]

    3
    
[/code]

# Challenge inputs:

## Input 1

[code]

    4 9
    xxxx xxxx
       xxx   
    x   x   x
    xxxxxxxxx
    
[/code]

## Input 2

[code]

    8 11
    xx x xx x  
    x  x xx x  
    xx   xx  x 
    xxxxxxxxx x
             xx
    xxxxxxxxxxx
     x x x x x 
      x x x x  
    
[/code]

# Bonus

[/u/Cephian](/u/Cephian) was nice enough to generete [a
much larger 1000x1000
input](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Cephian/f1c2869bd67d40c88042/raw/63871d115bc7bf887eac5434b5c6c5494f83ba2e/10.txt)
which you are welcome to use if you want a little
tougher performance test.

# Notes

Many thanks to [/u/vgbm](/u/vgbm) for suggesting this
problem at
[/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas](/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas)!
For his great contribution, [/u/vgbm](/u/vgbm) has been
awarded with a gold medal. Do you want to be as cool as
[/u/vgbm](/u/vgbm) (as if that were possible!)? Go on
over to
[/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas](/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas)
and suggest a problem. If it's good problem, we'll use
it.

As a final note, I would just like to observe that
"contiguous" is a very interesting word to spell
(saying it is no picnic either...)

