https://www.reddit.com/r/dailyprogrammer/comments/576o8o/20161012_challenge_287_intermediate_mathagrams/
# Description

A mathagram is a puzzle where you have to fill in
missing digits (x's) in a formula such that (1) the
formula is true, and (2) every digit 1-9 is used
exactly once. The formulas have the form:

[code]

    xxx + xxx = xxx
    
[/code]

Write a program that lets you find solutions to
mathagram puzzles. You can load the puzzle into your
program using whatever format you want. You don't have
to parse it as program input, and you don't need to
format your output in any particular way. (You can do
these things if you want to, of course.)

There are generally multiple possible solutions for a
mathagram puzzle. You only need to find any one
solution that fits the constraints.

# Example problem

[code]

    1xx + xxx = 468
    
[/code]

# Example solution

[code]

    193 + 275 = 468
    
[/code]

# Challenge problems

[code]

    xxx + x81 = 9x4  
    xxx + 5x1 = 86x
    xxx + 39x = x75
    
[/code]

# Bonus 1

Extend your solution so that you can **efficiently**
solve double mathagrams puzzles. In double puzzles,
every digit from 1 through 9 is used twice, and the
formulas have the form:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx = xxx + xxx
    
[/code]

Example problem for bonus 1:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + 5x3 + 123 = xxx + 795
    
[/code]

Example solution for bonus 1:

[code]

    241 + 646 + 583 + 123 = 798 + 795
    
[/code]

_A solution to the bonus is only valid if it completes
in a reasonable amount of time!_ Solve all of these
challenge inputs before posting your code:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + 23x + 571 = xxx + x82
    xxx + xxx + xx7 + 212 = xxx + 889
    xxx + xxx + 1x6 + 142 = xxx + 553
    
[/code]

# Bonus 2

**Efficiently** solve triple mathagrams puzzles. Every
digit from 1 through 9 is used three times, and the
formulas have the form:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx = xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx
    
[/code]

Example problem and solution for bonus 2:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + xxx + x29 + 821 = xxx + xxx + 8xx + 867
    943 + 541 + 541 + 529 + 821 = 972 + 673 + 863 + 867
    
[/code]

Again, your solution **must** be efficient! Solve all
of these challenge inputs before posting your code:

[code]

    xxx + xxx + xxx + 4x1 + 689 = xxx + xxx + x5x + 957
    xxx + xxx + xxx + 64x + 581 = xxx + xxx + xx2 + 623
    xxx + xxx + xxx + x81 + 759 = xxx + xxx + 8xx + 462
    xxx + xxx + xxx + 6x3 + 299 = xxx + xxx + x8x + 423
    xxx + xxx + xxx + 58x + 561 = xxx + xxx + xx7 + 993
    
[/code]

EDIT: two more test cases from
[u/kalmakka](/u/kalmakka):

[code]

    xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx = 987 + 944 + 921 + 8xx
    987 + 978 + 111 + 222 + 33x = xxx + xxx + xxx + xxx
    
[/code]

_Thanks to[u/jnazario](/u/jnazario) for posting the
idea behind today's challenge on
[r/dailyprogrammer_ideas](/r/dailyprogrammer_ideas)!_

